README.md, before:

# Fluidkeys command line

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fluidkeys/fluidkeys.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fluidkeys/fluidkeys)

Fluidkeys helps teams protect themselves with strong encryption. It builds on the OpenPGP standard and is compatible with other OpenPGP software.

0.2 helps you create a key or import one from `gpg`, then automatically maintain it.

Once installed, run it with `fk`.

## Install on Debian / Ubuntu

1. Get our public key

```
curl --silent https://www.fluidkeys.com/release.asc | sudo apt-key add -
```

2. Add our apt repository

```
echo 'deb [arch=amd64] https://download.fluidkeys.com/desktop/apt any main' | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/fluidkeys.list
```

3. Install

```
sudo apt update
sudo apt install fluidkeys
```

## Install on macOS

```
brew tap fluidkeys/tap
brew update
brew install fluidkeys
```

## Develop

If you want to hack on Fluidkeys locally you'll need [Go 1.10](https://golang.org/dl/) and [dep](https://github.com/golang/dep#installation).

Run:

```
make run
```

Commit message:

add source install instructions, remove binary

README.md, after:

# Fluidkeys command line

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fluidkeys/fluidkeys.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fluidkeys/fluidkeys)

Fluidkeys helps teams protect themselves with strong encryption. It builds on the OpenPGP standard and is compatible with other OpenPGP software.

0.2 helps you create a key or import one from `gpg`, then automatically maintain it.

Once installed, run it with `fk`.

## Install

Head over to [download.fluidkeys.com](https://download.fluidkeys.com)

## Install from source

You'll need the [Go compiler](https://golang.org/dl/)

Clone the repo:

```
git clone https://github.com/fluidkeys/fluidkeys.git $HOME/go/src/github.com/fluidkeys/fluidkeys
cd $HOME/go/src/github.com/fluidkeys/fluidkeys
```

Build and install to `/usr/local/bin/fk`:

```
sudo make install
```

If you prefer to run without `sudo` (root), install into `$HOME/fluidkeys/bin/fk`:

```
PREFIX=$HOME/fluidkeys make install
```

## Develop

If you want to hack on Fluidkeys locally you'll need [Go 1.10+](https://golang.org/dl/) and [dep](https://github.com/golang/dep#installation).

Run:

```
make run
```
